# Cloud-computing-with-AWS-
Cloud computing is nothing but sharing and storing data that helps businesses to replace high infrastructure expenses with low variable costs that scale with the business. Businesses don’t need to plan to get many advanced servers and can deliver results quickly by accessing the servers in the cloud virtually within few minutes.  The trend of cloud is rapidly transforming information technology from on-premises computing and software approach where organizations must assemble and manage the resources themselves in data centres. Businesses have bought or leased to the new way, cloud computing where businesses rent instead of buy computing, software and services and the cloud provider manages all the undifferentiated heavy lifting for the underlying infrastructure. As more businesses make the move to the cloud, they are flocking to AWS, providing the money the cloud company can reinvest into launching new services and features every day.   There is lots of cloud noise out, and is causing confusion for potential buyers of cloud computing as to whom to buy from. Should I go with AWS, Microsoft, Google, Oracle, IBM, or others? The list of cloud suppliers is getting longer every day and every cloud supplier is hyping some sort of victory or benefit for customers.  Many cloud competitors are quickly trying to build their own clouds as replicas of AWS while others have abandoned cloud altogether. But many of these vendors are conflicted internally trying to protect and extend the runway for their existing legacy products, which is stifling their innovation.  Amazon offered new web services in the form of IT infrastructure services know as Amazon Web Services for cloud computing. Initially, AWS was primarily used as a cheap way to test things or running a simple website which was developed by small developers. Now most of the companies running small experimental apps in AWS is moving the core of their growing businesses. The early rise of AWS was born for developers building small and cool apps.  AWS’s focus on its customers means that it is not afraid of utilizing itself in inventing new technology. It became clear that AWS’s competitive strategy is twofold. First, keep inventing and releasing more services that solve customers’ problems faster than the competition. And second, don’t be afraid to change which means cannibalizing existing offerings with new, easier, faster, more cost-effective and efficient offerings.  The question for businesses looking to move to the cloud is to determine what technology is cloud technology and which just retrofitted legacy technology is with the term “cloud” affixed to its name. As businesses start seeing the benefits of cloud and the financial results that come with it, they want more cloud, not less.   AWS’s thundering pace of innovation and scale, which has created more capability for customers, also has increased its total addressable market. AWS launches thousand plus features and services every successive year to make it easier in the market to use AWS.  Security and privacy are obstructing the cloud deployment in Malaysia. The most significant issue is comprehending and then minimizing the risks associated with cloud deployment. This problem is more significant in off-premise clouds, where contents are stored on the cloud vendor’s premises. Although data owners have full control over the infrastructure, hardware resources, and software systems with their traditional physical servers or on-premise clouds, it’s nontrivial to enforce the risk of letting contents stay in third-party premises. In this situation, the data owner has limited access to monitor his or her property in the virtual servers in the absence of advanced and detailed cloud-monitoring tools. Another challenge which decelerates cloud adaption is information disclosure from government agencies.   The market wave of the cloud will create lots of value and he is betting that AWS, along with its partner ecosystem of developers and companies, will take most of the share of that value.  The industry shift happens with every big technology innovation, which is when you make something much more cost effective and much faster to get done. People consume more technology with a limitless amount of ideas. More and more people are actually using the cloud, and building more things, and will in the future.    
